Avoid outdated unique_ keyword in doc (#4029)
ocaml-flambda/flambda-backend: jane/doc/extensions/_06-uniqueness/pitfalls.md

> invocation. However, you might want to annotate this allocation as `unique`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
invocation. However, you might want to annotate this allocation's type as `unique`:
```

Author: Done (in #3955). Is there more to do in this Discussion?

Reviewer: I think this one can be closed
